---
page_title: "resourcely_blueprint Data Source - terraform-provider-resourcely"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
 A blueprint is a configuration template used to provision cloud infrastructure resources. Blueprints allow you to:
 Define which options are available for properties of your resource(s).Apply gaurdrails to your resource(s) to prevent misconfiguration.Define what information to collect from your developers before provisioning the resource.
 One a blueprint is configured and published, it becomes available for use in your Resourcely service catalog.
 The template is specified using Resourcely's TFT templating language. See the Authoring Your Own Blueprints https://docs.resourcely.io/build/setting-up-blueprints/authoring-your-own-blueprints docs for details about TFT. The Resourcely Foundry https://portal.resourcely.io/foundry?mode=blueprint provides an IDE to assist with authoring the template.
---

# resourcely_blueprint (Data Source)

A blueprint is a configuration template used to provision cloud infrastructure resources. Blueprints allow you to:

- Define which options are available for properties of your resource(s).
- Apply gaurdrails to your resource(s) to prevent misconfiguration.
- Define what information to collect from your developers before provisioning the resource.

One a blueprint is configured and published, it becomes available for use in your Resourcely service catalog.

The template is specified using Resourcely's TFT templating language. See the [Authoring Your Own Blueprints](https://docs.resourcely.io/build/setting-up-blueprints/authoring-your-own-blueprints) docs for details about TFT. The [Resourcely Foundry](https://portal.resourcely.io/foundry?mode=blueprint) provides an IDE to assist with authoring the template.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "resourcely_blueprint" "example" {
  series_id = "00000000-00000000-00000000-00000000"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `series_id` (String) UUID for the blueprint

### Read-Only

- `categories` (Set of String) The category to assign to this blueprint.
- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider that this blueprint targets.
- `content` (String) The templated Terraform configuration specified using Resourcely's TFT format.
- `description` (String) A description of the blueprints's purpose or functionality.
- `excluded_context_question_series` (Set of String) The series_ids for context questions that won't be used with this blueprint, even if this blueprint matches the context questions' blueprint_categories
- `guidance` (String) Guidance to help your users know when and how to use this blueprint.
- `id` (String) UUID for the current version of the blueprint.
- `is_published` (Boolean) A published blueprint is available for use by developers to create resources through the Resourcely portal.
- `labels` (Set of String) Additional keywords to help your users discover this blueprint.
- `name` (String) The name of the blueprint.
- `scope` (String)
- `version` (Number) Increment version number for the current version of the blueprint.
