---
page_title: "resourcely_context_question Data Source - terraform-provider-resourcely"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
 A context question https://docs.resourcely.io/concepts/other-features-and-settings/global-context-and-values is used to gather data from developers before provisioning a resource. They are designed to gather and store insightful data related to the resource.
 Soime examples include:
 -What type of data will be stored in this infrastructure?
 What application is this infrastructure associated with?What is the email address the person/team responsible for this infrastructure?
 Three types of context questions are supported:
 TextSingle ChoiceMultiple Choice
---

# resourcely_context_question (Data Source)

A [context question](https://docs.resourcely.io/concepts/other-features-and-settings/global-context-and-values) is used to gather data from developers before provisioning a resource. They are designed to gather and store insightful data related to the resource.

Soime examples include:

-What type of data will be stored in this infrastructure?
- What application is this infrastructure associated with?
- What is the email address the person/team responsible for this infrastructure?

Three types of context questions are supported:

- Text
- Single Choice
- Multiple Choice

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "resourcely_context_question" "example" {
  series_id = "00000000-00000000-00000000-00000000"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `series_id` (String) UUID for the context question.

### Read-Only

- `answer_choices` (Attributes Set) The answer choices from which the developer can select. Applicable only when `qtype` is `QTYPE_SINGLE_SELECT` or `QTYPE_MULTI_SELECT`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--answer_choices))
- `answer_format` (String) A format validation for acceptable answers to the context question. Applicable only when `qtype` is `QTYPE_TEXT` . Will be one of `ANSWER_TEXT`, `ANSWER_NUMBER`, `ANSWER_EMAIL`, or `ANSWER_REGEX`. If `ANSWER_REGEX`, the `regex_pattern` property will also be set.
- `blueprint_categories` (Set of String) The blueprint categories to which this context question applies. This question will be asked whenever a developer uses a blueprint in these categories.
- `excluded_blueprint_series` (Set of String) The series_ids of blueprints for which this question should not be asked, even if those blueprints belong to the context question's blueprint_categories.
- `id` (String) UUID for the current version of this context question.
- `label` (String) A key used to reference the context question in blueprints and guardrails. Is unique within your Resourcley tenant.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of this question, relative to others. 0=high, 1=medium, 2=low
- `prompt` (String) The question that Resourcely will ask your developers.
- `qtype` (String) The type of the question. Will be one of `QYTPE_TEXT`, `QYTPE_SINGLE_SELECT`, or `QTYPE_MULTI_SELECT`.
- `regex_pattern` (String) A regex validation for the acceptable answers to the context question. Applicable only when both `qtype` is `QTYPE_TEXT` and `answer_format` is `ANSWER_REGEX`.
- `scope` (String)
- `version` (Number) Incrementing version number of the context question.

<a id="nestedatt--answer_choices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `answer_choices`

Read-Only:

- `label` (String) The value for the answer choice.
