---
page_title: "resourcely_global_value Data Source - terraform-provider-resourcely"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
 A global value https://docs.resourcely.io/concepts/other-features-and-settings/global-values allows admins to define custom drop-downs for customizing Terraform infrastructure resource properties before they are provisioned.  They are useful for providing access to lists of relatively static values like VPC IDs, allowed regions, department or team names, etc.
---

# resourcely_global_value (Data Source)

A [global value](https://docs.resourcely.io/concepts/other-features-and-settings/global-values) allows admins to define custom drop-downs for customizing Terraform infrastructure resource properties before they are provisioned.  They are useful for providing access to lists of relatively static values like VPC IDs, allowed regions, department or team names, etc.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "resourcely_global_value" "example" {
  series_id = "00000000-00000000-00000000-00000000"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `series_id` (String) UUID for the global value.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) A description of the purpose of the global value.
- `id` (String) UUID for the current version of the global value.
- `is_deprecated` (Boolean) Set to true if the global value should not be used in new blueprints or guardrails
- `key` (String) An immutable identifier used to reference this global value in blueprints or guardrails.

Must start with a lowercase letter in `a-z` and include only characters in `a-z0-9_`.
- `name` (String) The name of the global value.
- `options` (Attributes List) The list of value options for this global value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `type` (String) The type of options in the global value. Will be one of `PRESET_VALUE_TEXT`, `PRESET_VALUE_NUMBER`, `PRESET_VALUE_LIST`, `PRESET_VALUE_OBJECT`
- `version` (Number) Incrementing version number for the current version of the global value.

<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description of this option's meaning.
- `key` (String) An immutable identifier for ths option. Must start with a lowercase letter in `a-z` and include only characters in `a-z0-9_`.
- `label` (String) A unique display name
- `value` (String) A JSON encoding of the option's value.`
