---
page_title: "resourcely_guardrail Data Source - terraform-provider-resourcely"
subcategory: ""
---

# resourcely_guardrail (Data Source)

A guardrail governs how cloud resources can be created and altered, preventing infrastructure misconfiguration. Before infrastructure is provisioned, Resourcely examines the changes being made and prevents a merge if any guardrail requirements are violated. Some examples of guardrails include:

- Require approval for making a public S3 bucket
- Restrict the allowed compute instance types or images

Guardrails are specified using the [Really policy language](https://docs.resourcely.io/build/setting-up-guardrails/authoring-your-own-guardrails).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "resourcely_guardrail" "example" {
  series_id = "00000000-00000000-00000000-00000000"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `series_id` (String) UUID for the guardrail.

### Read-Only

- `category` (String) The category of this guardrail.
- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider that this guardrail targets.
- `content` (String) The guardrail policy written in the [Really policy language](https://docs.resourcely.io/build/setting-up-guardrails/authoring-your-own-guardrails).
- `description` (String) A description of the guardrail's purpose or policy.
- `guardrail_template_inputs` (String) A JSON encoding of values for the guardrail template inputs.`
- `guardrail_template_series_id` (String) The series id of the guardrail template used to render the policy.
- `id` (String) UUID for the current version of this guar.
- `name` (String) The name of the guardrail.
- `scope` (String)
- `state` (String) The [state](https://docs.resourcely.io/build/setting-up-guardrails/releasing-guardrails#guardrail-status) of the guardrail.
- `version` (Number) Incrementing version number for this current version of the guardrail.
